https://codepen.io/kindredsoul/full/mdPdejw

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that conveys meaning

2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used as the base of a web page

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    things like href and alt; at the beginning of a tag 

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Most important element; once

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    metadata

7. What is an id? 
    an attribute that specifies a unique element

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    only once

10. What is a class? 
    an attribute that specifies one html element or many html elements

11. What elements can I add a class to?
    any element

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    an indefinite amount

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target=_blank

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to convey what the image is if the img doesn't load

15. How do I reference an id?
    #id

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is sementic html, a div is not

17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling a webpage

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{...}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class is used on elements that may appear multiple times(class="ordinaryParagraph"), an id is used for an element that is unigue(id="myNav")

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    the class name as it appears in the html preceded by a period

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{...} 

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent > child, this si used to target all child elements of a parent element

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a{...}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector used to specify a special state of an element (i.e. h2:hover)

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transformation

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {border: 1px dotted black}

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{...}

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment*/

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls


33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, there will be no warning and all affected files are deleted permanently

34. Why should I use version control? 
    VC allows you to save snippets of your past code; if you mess, you can reload a old snippet 

35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as possible

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin firstname-lastname

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork -> Clone -> Create new branch FN-LN -> Code -> Add -> Commmit -> Push -> add TL as collaborator and reviewer


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

